feat: remove `__tact_verify_address` to save gas (#1207)
tact-lang/tact: docs/src/content/docs/book/exit-codes.mdx

### 136: Invalid address {#136}

<Badge text="Removed since Tact 1.6" variant="tip" size="medium"/><p/>

A value of type [`Address{:tact}`][p] is valid in Tact when:

* It occupies $267$ bits: $11$ bits for the chain ID prefix and $256$ bits for the [address itself](https://docs.ton.org/learn/overviews/addresses#address-of-smart-contract).

> * It belongs to either: basechain (ID $0$) or masterchain (ID $-1$), with the latter requiring masterchain support to be enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* It belongs to either basechain (ID $0$) or masterchain (ID $-1$).
```

### 137: Masterchain support is not enabled for this contract {#137}

<Badge text="Removed since Tact 1.6" variant="tip" size="medium"/><p/>

> Any attempts to point to masterchain (ID $-1$) or otherwise interact with it without enabling masterchain support throw an exception with exit code $137$: `Masterchain support is not enabled for this contract`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Prior to removal, any attempts to point to masterchain (ID $-1$) or otherwise interact with it without enabling masterchain support were throwing an exception with exit code $137$: `Masterchain support is not enabled for this contract`.
```
